You listen
This is what you say when you snipe a woman who's empty for three days
Look at you
What do you think?
Yiren
You didn't use any special means to make him say that
Yeah, what am I?
What is his identity
He deserves it.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe what I say
I confronted him.
What you said to my grandfather
Is it true?
Really?
Could it be that
You never thought about our future, did you?
Didn't I tell you I didn't
From start to finish
I'm just your destiny for entertainment
Just like Wang Rongchang and Matti
Garbage that can be thrown away at any time after use
You know what?
I didn't expect you to be so ruthless
Mr. Zhou
It's time I left.
Did my grandfather bully you?
I won't let you go
Stay
I said stay
Who wants it?
If you walk out of here today
Don't come back
Dozens of people gathered outside the boss
Someone is called Yao Feng
The train depot has been smashed
We have to go quickly